ICP Dev Docs Restructure, Overhaul & Audit (#3970)
dfinity/portal: docs/tutorials/developer-journey/level-0/05-intro-languages.mdx

## Motoko

> Motoko is a language that has been specifically designed by DFINITY for canister development on ICP. It supports the unique features and workflows on ICP while providing a robust yet familiar programming environment. Motoko is easy to learn and use for application development, as it has a familiar set of rules and syntax for developers that have a background with application-layer languages, such as JavaScript, Ruby, Python, or Solidity.

Author: ```suggestion
Motoko is a language that has been specifically designed by DFINITY for canister development on ICP. It supports the unique features and workflows on ICP while providing a robust yet familiar programming environment. Motoko is easy to learn and use for application development, as it has a familiar set of rules and syntax for developers that have a background in application-layer languages, such as JavaScript, Ruby, Python, or Solidity.
```

Candid has a variety of features that make it a particularly good choice for developing dapps on the Internet Computer. These features include:

- Candid's implementations map the Candid value directly to the values and types of the host language, meaning developers do not construct or deconstruct some abstract Candid value.

> - Candid defines rules for how series and their associated interfaces can be upgraded in a simple manner.

Author: ```suggestion
- Candid defines rules for how series and their associated interfaces can be upgraded simply.
```
